SPEAKER INFORMATION FORM

---

SPEAKER NAME: Jane Smith

BIO:
Jane Smith is a dynamic thought leader and customer experience guru who has been disrupting the CX space for over 15 years. She is passionate about leveraging synergies between technology and human connection to drive innovative solutions that empower organizations to think outside the box and achieve game-changing results in today's fast-paced digital landscape. Jane has worked with Fortune 500 companies including Microsoft, Adobe, and Salesforce, helping them transform their customer engagement strategies and unlock next-level performance metrics. She is a sought-after keynote speaker, having presented at SXSW, Web Summit, and numerous industry conferences where she inspires audiences to reimagine what's possible when you put the customer at the center of everything you do. Jane is also the author of the bestselling book "Customer-Centric Innovation: A Roadmap for Success" and hosts the popular podcast "CX Unplugged" where she interviews top executives about their strategies for building world-class customer experiences. When she's not consulting or speaking, Jane enjoys hiking in the Pacific Northwest with her two rescue dogs, Max and Bella, and collecting vintage event badges from conferences she's attended over the years. She holds an MBA from Stanford University and a BA in Communications from UCLA. Jane is based in Portland, Oregon and is available for speaking engagements, workshops, and consulting projects worldwide.

SESSION TITLE: 
Transforming Customer Feedback into Action

SESSION DESCRIPTION:
Join us for an inspiring and thought-provoking session where Jane will share her insights on customer experience and innovation. She'll talk about how to leverage feedback to drive results and create meaningful connections with your audience. You won't want to miss this engaging conversation about the future of CX!

TECH/AV REQUIREMENTS:
[No response provided]

DIETARY RESTRICTIONS:
Vegetarian

TRAVEL INFORMATION:
Will need hotel accommodations for night of June 14-15. Prefers Marriott properties.

EMERGENCY CONTACT:
Michael Smith (spouse) - 555-0123

---

FILE SUBMITTED: 2025-01-15
SUBMITTED BY: jane.smith@cxconsulting.com
